Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/widgets/image.md

---
title: Image Widget
kind: documentation
description: Inlude an image or a gif in your Datadog dashboards.
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/screenboard/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Screenboard"
---

> Image allows you to embed an image on your dashboard. Images can be PNG, JPG, or even **animated GIF files**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image widget allows you to embed an image on your dashboard. Images can be PNG, JPG, or animated GIFs:
```
